Module documentation template (#8)
kyma-project/template-repository: docs/README.md

## Overview

> The docs folder contains two subfolders - `user` and `contributor`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `docs` folder contains two subfolders - `user` and `contributor`. 
```

> The `user` subfolder contains the end-user documentation. Depending on your module needs, the documentation must include overview, usage, or technical reference documents. The content of this folder is displayed on the [Kyma website](https://kyma-project.io/#/). To display the content on the website properly, you must add your documentation to the `_sidebar.md` file that must be created in the `user` folder. For more information on how to use `_sidebar.md`, follow [this guide](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/blob/main/docs/guidelines/content-guidelines/01-user-docs.md#publish-a-document-from-a-new-module-repostory).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

The `user` subfolder contains the end-user documentation, which is displayed on the [Kyma website](https://kyma-project.io/#/). Depending on your module needs, the subfolder must include overview, usage, or technical reference documents. To display the content on the website properly, create a `_sidebar.md` file in the `user` folder and list the documents it contains there. For more information on how to use `_sidebar.md`, follow [this guide](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/blob/main/docs/guidelines/content-guidelines/01-user-docs.md#publish-a-document-from-a-new-module-repostory).
```

Reviewer: I agree with Iwona's suggestion. However, I would change the last sentence and link to the whole guide and not just one section.

```suggestion
The `user` subfolder contains the end-user documentation, which is displayed on the [Kyma website](https://kyma-project.io/#/). Depending on your module needs, the subfolder must include overview, usage, or technical reference documents. To display the content on the website properly, create a `_sidebar.md` file in the `user` and list the documents it contains there. For more information on how to publish user documentation, follow [this guide](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/blob/main/docs/guidelines/content-guidelines/01-user-docs.md).
```

The `contributor` subfolder includes any developer-related documentation to help them manually install, develop, and operate a module.

> All documents must be properly numbered according to the structure proposed in [this decision record](https://github.tools.sap/kyma/community/issues/180) to have a common structure across all modules.

Reviewer 2: I don't think it's easy to find the exact numbering instructions in the decision record. Wouldn't it be better to have clearer instructions here?

> All documents must be properly numbered according to the structure proposed in [this decision record](https://github.tools.sap/kyma/community/issues/180) to have a common structure across all modules.

Reviewer 2: Also, the decision record is part of the internal documentation - we can't link to it from here.

> You can divide your documentation into relevant folders to avoid many documents in one `docs/user` or `docs/contributor` folder. For example, if you have many technical reference documents, you can create a `technical reference` folder in `docs/user` and keep your documentation there. Each folder must have its own `_sidebar.md` file with the links to the main module page and the docs in the given folder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can divide your documentation into more subfolders to avoid having too many documents in one `docs/user` or `docs/contributor` folder. For example, if you have many technical reference documents, you can create a `technical reference` subfolder in `docs/user` and keep relevant documentation there. Each subfolder in the `user` folder must have its own `_sidebar.md` file with the links to the main module page and the list of docs it contains.
```

Reviewer: Also agree, but there is ONE link to the main module page, or we can also add another to the Kyma home page, for example:

- Home [README.md]
- [Module_name](path_to_the_docs/user/README.md]
  - [Subfolder_name](path_to_the_subfolder.README.md]

Reviewer 3: We're a bit inconsistent in this document. In the previous sentence, we say that `All documents must be properly numbered according to the structure proposed this decision record to have a common structure across all modules`, and here we advise dividing the documentation based on a team's use case. I think we should be clearer about what is required and what is not

Reviewer 3: or maybe the previous sentence only refers to the numbering system?

## Overview

The `docs` folder contains two subfolders - `user` and `contributor`. 

> The `user` subfolder contains the end-user documentation, which is displayed on the [Kyma website](https://kyma-project.io/#/). Depending on your module needs, the subfolder must include overview, usage, or technical reference documents. To display the content on the website properly, create a `_sidebar.md` file in the `user` and list the documents it contains there. For more information on how to publish user documentation, follow [this guide](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/blob/main/docs/guidelines/content-guidelines/01-user-docs.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

The `user` subfolder contains the end-user documentation, which is displayed on the [Kyma website](https://kyma-project.io/#/). Depending on your module needs, the subfolder must include overview, usage, or technical reference documents. To display the content on the website properly, create a `_sidebar.md` file in the `user` and list the documents it contains there. For more information on how to publish user documentation, follow [this guide](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/blob/main/docs/guidelines/content-guidelines/01-user-docs.md).
```

> The `user` subfolder contains the end-user documentation, which is displayed on the [Kyma website](https://kyma-project.io/#/). Depending on your module needs, the subfolder must include overview, usage, or technical reference documents. To display the content on the website properly, create a `_sidebar.md` file in the `user` and list the documents it contains there. For more information on how to publish user documentation, follow [this guide](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/blob/main/docs/guidelines/content-guidelines/01-user-docs.md).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `user` subfolder contains the end-user documentation, which is displayed on the [Kyma website](https://kyma-project.io/#/). Depending on your module needs, the subfolder must include overview, usage, or technical reference documents. To display the content on the website properly, create a `_sidebar.md` file in the `user` subfolder and list the documents it contains there. For more information on how to publish user documentation, follow [this guide](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/blob/main/docs/guidelines/content-guidelines/01-user-docs.md).
```

The `contributor` subfolder includes any developer-related documentation to help them manually install, develop, and operate a module.

To have a common structure across all modules, all documents must be properly numbered according to the following structure:

> **NOTE:** It is suggested to use the following titles if you have the content that matches them; otherwise use your own, more suitable titles, or simply skip the ones you find irrelevant.

   - 00-xx-overview
   - 01-xx-tutorial/configuration  
   - 02-xx-usage  
   - 03-xx-troubleshooting

where `xx` is the number of the given document. For example:

   ```bash
   00-00-overview-telemetry-manager
   00-10-overview-logs
   00-20-overview-traces
   00-30-overview-metrics

>    01-10-configure-logs [aka "set up a logpipeline"]
>    01-20-configure-traces [aka "set up a tracepipeline"]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   01-10-configure-logs 
   01-20-configure-traces 
```

> 
>    ```bash
>    00-00-overview-telemetry-manager
>    00-10-overview-logs
>    00-20-overview-traces
>    00-30-overview-metrics
>    01-10-configure-logs [aka "set up a logpipeline"]
>    01-20-configure-traces [aka "set up a tracepipeline"]
>    01-30-configure-metrics
>    02-10-use-logs
>    02-20-use-traces
>    02-30-use-metrics
>    (...)
>    ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

   ```bash
   00-00-overview-telemetry-manager
   00-10-overview-logs
   00-20-overview-traces
   00-30-overview-metrics
   01-10-configure-logs 
   01-20-configure-traces 
   01-30-configure-metrics
   02-10-use-logs
   02-20-use-traces
   02-30-use-metrics
   (...)
   ```
```

> > **NOTE:** Before introducing [docsify](https://docsify.js.org/#/?id=docsify), we agreed to use the `10`, `20`, `30` numbering. It was to help maintain the proper order of docs if they were rendered automatically on the website. With docsify, you manually add the content to the `sidebar.md` file, and docs are displayed in the order you add them. However, this numbering is still recommended to have the unified structure of the docs in the module repositories.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:** Before introducing [docsify](https://docsify.js.org/#/?id=docsify), we agreed to use the `10`, `20`, `30` numbering. It was to help maintain the proper order of docs if they were rendered automatically on the website. With docsify, you manually add the content to the `_sidebar.md` file, and docs are displayed in the order you add them. However, this numbering is still recommended to have the unified structure of the docs in the module repositories.
```

> If you have other content that does not fit into the above docs, create your own 04-10-module-specific doc(s).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have other content that does not fit into the above topics, create your own 04-10-module-specific document(s).
```

## Overview

The docs folder contains two subfolders - `user` and `contributor`. 
The `user` subfolder contains the end-user documentation, including any overview, usage or troubleshooting documents. The content of this folder is displayed on the [Kyma website](https://kyma-project.io/#/)

> The `contributor` subfolder includes any developer-related documentation that can help in improving the given module's usage.

Reviewer 4: `that can help in improving the given module's usage.` sounds strange for me, is that needed?

We have the scenarios of contributing==developing the module, operating the module and manual installation of the module, that should be outlined more transparent
